[Console] Add a missing versionadded directive (#21602)
symfony/symfony-docs: console.rst

        }
    }

.. versionadded:: 7.3

>     Invokable commands that don't extend the base ``Command`` class were

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Support for invokable commands that don't extend the base ``Command`` class was
```

Like this?

Author: Much better. I just updated this. Thanks!
